# Welcome to Bootcamp Prep

Every day, you probably use at least one web application to make something in
your life easier. It might be to send and receive email, get updates on friends’
lives on social media, or buy movie tickets. Or it might be to share documents,
search digital newspapers for the latest news, or watch video clips, or a
million other things you want to do on a daily basis. Software made to run on
the web is now an essential part of our lives — and not only can you use it, but
you can also learn how to create it.

That’s where we come in. Over the course of Bootcamp Prep, we’ll bring you into
the world of web development and teach you all the fundamentals. You’ll learn
about the building blocks of the web: HTML and CSS. You’ll learn how programming
works with JavaScript, and you’ll also learn the basics of the Ruby programming
language. At the end of the course, you’ll be prepared to take on the full
Flatiron School Software Engineering or Online Web Developer program and become
a real web developer. After completing the first 20 lessons, you’ll be able to
start your application process to either program and begin speaking with an
Admissions Advisor regarding your career goals.

## What You Will Learn

Your path forward looks something like this:

  <img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/curriculum-content/streamlined-onboarding/road+to+code.png" height="auto" width="660px"/>

You’ll encounter two different kinds of lessons ahead: __Readmes__, which are
mostly text with helpful additions like images or videos and which we use to
give you some necessary concepts; and __Labs__, which will give you the
opportunity to put the concepts you’re learning into practice. We’ll help you
with any setup you need to do along the way, so all you have to do is get
started.

> **Quick tip**: Our most successful students make progress in this course on
> **day one**. Only have a few minutes? We challenge you to read through the
> next 2-3 lessons on HTML!

If you run into any issues or have questions, don’t hesitate to ask! We’re here
to help you reach the finish line - just click the "Ask a Question" button!

## Ready to Get Started?

Ready to go? Then move on to your first lesson by clicking “I’m done” and then
“Next Lesson” on the right-side navigation, and begin to master HTML.

<p class='util--hide'>View <a href='https://learn.co/lessons/welcome-to-bootcamp-prep'>Welcome to Bootcamp Prep</a> on Learn.co and start learning to code for free.</p>
